you're calling about a refund is that
right yes sorry you're calling about a
Regis yes yes okay I just spent a couple
hours on the phone with Best Buy and
with eBay a lot of a lot of first world
problems long story short best buy I
didn't know you could become more
irrelevant and was the eBay situation
let me know if one of you guys want to
buy one of my Blackmagic pocket Cinema
cameras because I have one on sale again
pretty much spent all morning doing not
fun stuff but I had one phone call with
someone home during a creative spaces TV
episode on in LA next week which I'm
very excited about and VidCon is next
week so let me know if you're going to
be at VidCon I'm going to be doing a lot
of stuff I'm helping shooting a
documentary I'm going to do some stuff
for Adobe and then also the third thing
is something that has to do that package
so let's do it open up the package a lot
of you guys will know exactly what this
is about
once I open up the box
ow I just hit myself in the face
does this look familiar to any of you
got it speaking of cameras following if
you watch Casey Neistat vlogs this will
look somewhat similar so I have the
privilege of partnering with Samsung for
this VidCon thing I'm putting on with
their new 360 cameras and their VR
headsets and all that jazz the only
reason why I'm involved is because of
the wonderful Casey I'm pretty excited
about it
I've never dabbled n360 I've never worn
a VR headset I've never done any of this
so it's all very new and I get to share
with y'all the the process and it'll be
fun to see what I end up with because
right now I'm so clueless about
everything so we get to learn together
here I'll show you guys what this looks
like a lot of accessories to mount the
360 camera to things this is how crazy
looking is this little miniature tripod
type deal
um Oh suction thingamabob I've no idea
this is a stick to hit people with just
kidding and then this this is what I'm
most curious about the VR headset I've
never I've never experienced VR before
so I love any kind of new tech
and like a brand-new phone with a clear
stuff still on it that's exciting to me
I'm going to get the headset set up so I
actually know what I'm dealing with and
what this looks like and how it's
experienced so I know what to go and
shoot but first I need to find food this
is 3:15 and I haven't had lunch yet so
okay so here's the thing that was the
first time I have been outside today and
it's a beautiful day so the faster I can
figure this out the faster I can leave
this hotel room that I've been second so
right now I'm using the pass-through
camera I'm basically just like it's
where you can see out of the camera um
it's kind of trippy okay let's do this
and here's my first video the shark ship
wreck I need headphones first so weird
whoa okay don't know how I feel about
that
it's time to get out of my hotel room
and test this camera out Sony this is
new Sony a7r - I recently switched from
Canon to all Sony I'm going to make a
video on that very soon for all you
camera geeks earlier I really didn't eat
anything so it's time to go get some
good food good food
all tonight exploring Cisco taking lots
of pictures look at this dude what going
to continue to play around at this guy
looking forward to it
hopefully I can do something with it
something cool I officially start daily
vlogging and to celebrate I feel like
socialism
so I have the super talented designer
and photographer Judson and Ryan to help
me out
and I'm going to share this process with
you guys because it's fun it'll be fun
we're gonna have fun right guys